The Golf Score Server by C3 is for those that choose to keep track of top scores or use the Golf Leader Board by C3. It can be used to gather player and score data from the Golf Score Card by C3 whether set for recreational or tournament play.

The Golf Score Server by C3 and the Golf Leader Board by C3 are designed to work together. While the Golf Score Server by C3 is still perfectly capable of working without the Golf Leader Board by C3, you really won't be getting the full benefit of what it does without a Golf Leader Board by C3 being rezzed out to display top players and their scores/rankings. The Golf Leader Board by C3 requires the Golf Score Server by C3 to work.

The scripts within the Golf Score Server by C3 can be placed into an object of your own choosing to customize your Golf Score Server, but make sure to put all 3 scripts into any object you intend to use as a Golf Score Server or else it may not work at all.

You should also ensure that you use the Golf Score Server's Main Menu (via the Description option) to tell it what the description should be on the root prim of the Golf Score Card that will communicate with it. You MUST ensure that it is an EXACT match as any mis-match will result in player scores not being recorded. This feature allows you to expire cards as you see fit and make sure that score cards are course and/or event specific and also allows the Golf Score Server to tell the players if they need to get an updated Golf Score Card.

Set the UUID of your Golf Score Server in the Setup notecard inside the Golf Leader Board by C3 to ensure it listens to your Golf Tournament Server. To ensure that scores are recorded from your Golf Score Cards you will need to also set the UUID of the Golf Score Server in the appropriate place in the setup notecard of your Golf Score Card (the exact location for the UUID will depend on what you wish to use your Golf Score Server for). You need to make sure you get the UUID 100% correct, so to easily get its UUID just click your Golf Score Server by C3 and you can copy its UUID from the menu. You may set the number of players that the Golf Score Server will keep track of (up to 100) by using the description line of the Golf Score Server or by clicking on the Golf Score Server and clicking Score Admin from the Main Menu followed by the Setup option in the Score Admin Menu.

Once all of these steps have been completed then the the Score Card should be able to communicate with the Golf Score Server(s) and scores recorded by the Golf Score Server should be able to be shown on the associated Leader Board(s). If either the Golf Score Server UUID or the Golf Score Card description do not match what is displayed in the Golf Score Server menu then the server may not obtain any data from player cards, so be sure to test your setup to ensure proper operation BEFORE distributing Score Cards to players.
